Add information about date time functions and tokens in combination with non-localized attributes (#6485)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/domain-model/entities/attributes.md

{{< figure src="/attachments/refguide/modeling/domain-model/entities/attributes/customer-attribute-examples.png" >}}

#### 2.2.2 Localize {#localize}

{{% alert color="info" %}}
This property is shown if **Type** is set to **Date and time**.
{{% /alert %}}

This property indicates whether the date and time should be localized when displaying (or picking) their value. By default localization is enabled. If you are NOT interested in the time component of a date and you want the date to be exactly the same all over the world (for example, a birthday), you should toggle this property off. Otherwise, the date can change because of time zone differences: a date and time early in the morning on April 2 in Europe will be on April 1 in the U.S.A.

> In technical terms, this property indicates whether the client assumes that the date and time are in a local time zone (Yes) or in UTC (No). In the former case, the date is first converted to UTC before being sent to the server and converted from UTC before being displayed. To avoid this time zone conversion from happening twice, UTC functions and tokens like [dateTimeUTC](/refguide/date-creation/) should not be used in client-side expressions to assign values to **Date and time** attributes where localization is disabled.

Author: Is the next change needed as well if we change 'yes/no' to 'enabled/disabled'?
```suggestion
In technical terms, this property indicates whether the client assumes that the date and time are in a local time zone (enabled) or in UTC (disabled). In the former case, the date is first converted to UTC before being sent to the server and converted from UTC before being displayed. To avoid this time zone conversion from happening twice, UTC functions and tokens like [dateTimeUTC](/refguide/date-creation/) should not be used in client-side expressions to assign values to **Date and time** attributes where localization is disabled.
```

Reviewer: Sounds good!

> Default: *enabled*

Author: I like 'enabled'. However, the `Localize` option on the attribute form is not a checkbox. It has two options: 'Yes' and 'No', see  
![image](https://github.com/mendix/docs/assets/8024529/f3187d9b-7dbc-4bc8-b6b9-78dfb6848121)  
Do you think 'enabled' is more clear in the documentation?

Reviewer: The UI in Mendix 10.2 now only shows a toggle button for the **Localize** property:
![image](https://github.com/mendix/docs/assets/110980413/e616381a-4050-4045-9c38-4121ea216a0d)

Our main guideline is to follow the newest UI. "Yes/No" is not there anymore, so I used "enabled/disabled" to replace that and to represent the toggle button for this property :)

Author: Ah nice! I like this change (or a checkbox). It seems to be changed between version 10.1.1 (which I was using) and 10.2.
